OSDOCS-15874: adds physically bound image building to bootc docs Micr… (#97670)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-install-bootc-physically-bound-con.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// microshift_install_bootc/microshift-install-bootc-physically-bound.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="microshift-install-bootc-physically-bound_{context}"]
= About physically bound bootc image building

When a bootc image is fully self-contained, everything you need to run workloads in embedded with the bootc image, including {microshift-short} and application container images. The underlying mechanism is to pre-pull physically-bound images during image build and then make them available at runtime.

Because embedded images might change with each system update, the mechanism you must use for moving these container images between the different types of container storage is the `dir` transport type. The `dir` transport mechanism dumps the content of a container image into a local directory. Additional image stores do not work with this transport type in {microshift-short}.

> //Q: or do they not work with dir ever?

Author: Let me know if I have described this correctly.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// microshift_install_bootc/microshift-install-bootc-physically-bound.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="microshift-install-bootc-physically-bound_{context}"]

> = About physically bound bootc image building

Reviewer: oh yeah true, I was just noticing it was present other places lol So I guess the opposite: delete it where it's in there :sweat_smile:

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// microshift_install_bootc/microshift-install-bootc-physically-bound.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="microshift-install-bootc-physically-bound_{context}"]
= About physically bound bootc image building

When a bootc image is fully self-contained, everything you need to run workloads is embedded with the bootc image, including {microshift-short} and application container images. The underlying mechanism is to pre-pull physically-bound images during image build and then make them available at runtime.

> Because embedded images might change with each system update, you cannot pull the images directory to the default container storage. Additional image stores do not work in this case because these image stores are read-only and intended for static image directories.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Because embedded images might change with each system update, you cannot pull the images directly to the default container storage. Additional image stores do not work in this case because of the current implementation limits, which would not allow bootc image updates for those container images. 
```

> Therefore, the mechanism you must use for moving these container images between the different types of container storage is the `dir` transport type. The `dir` transport mechanism dumps the content of a container image into a local directory. Using this local directory as an alternative container storage is a workaround.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
